readme.md, before:

##License

![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/3.0/88x31.png "Creative Commons License")

Presentation Material by [Kevin Jones](http://vcsjones.com) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

Note that individual presentations may have their own separate license that completely supersede this license.

##Feedback

If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback on any of my material, please contact me through [my blog](http://vcsjones.com/contact/).

I can't guarentee that I will see issues opened or pull requests on this repository.

##Completeness

Not every presentation I've ever given is here. This may either be because the presentation is owned by someone else,
the presentation is old and I haven't taken the time to commit it, or because I forgot. If there is a particular 
presentation that you are interested in and can't find it here, please see the [Feedback](#feedback) section to contact
me and if I can provide the presentation.

Commit message:

Updated license for code to be Apache 2.0.
Added DC .NET User Group code.

readme.md, after:

##License

###Presentation and Slides

![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/3.0/88x31.png "Creative Commons License")

Presentation Material and Slides by [Kevin Jones](http://vcsjones.com) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

Note that individual presentations may have their own separate license that completely supersede this license.

###Code

Code for presentations is licensed under Apache 2.0:

Copyright 2015 Kevin Jones

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

##Feedback

If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback on any of my material, please contact me through [my blog](http://vcsjones.com/contact/).

I can't guarentee that I will see issues opened or pull requests on this repository.

##Completeness

Not every presentation I've ever given is here. This may either be because the presentation is owned by someone else,
the presentation is old and I haven't taken the time to commit it, or because I forgot. If there is a particular 
presentation that you are interested in and can't find it here, please see the [Feedback](#feedback) section to contact
me and if I can provide the presentation.
